<h1>Mikel Arteta is the manager of Arsenal FC</h1>
Last season was one of mass enjoyment and progress
Our target for the season was to qualify for the Europa League, which means you either finish 5th or 6th in the premier league
Arsenal, however, happened to be in the race to achieve 4th spot
The season (comprised of 38 league games in which you play everyone twice), went right down to the wire
However, Arsenal through a combination of bad luck and not being able to deliver under pressure in certain moments, finished 5th. Beaten by their fiercest rivals Totten***

Upon reflection of the season, Arsenal did well and exceeded expectations for the majority of the season
however, they need to improve by at least 10 points for next season

For this to happen, they need to do the following: 
-Bring in 5 players who are of starting calibre-circa £200M
-Find a way to develop and improve their mental resilience
-Approach the really big games with a plan A, B and C
-Make the players more robust to avoid any injuries come "playoff time"

5 Players who I think arsenal should recruit:

1.William Saliba

This boy here is going straight to the top barring any serious injuries.
He is special, he is physically dominant, he is one of the best ball playing CBs in history and he is most importantly free.

2.Gianluca Scamacca

Again barring any serious injury this kid will go straight to the top.
He has the physicality and athelticism, the link up play, the attitude and mean streak and most importantlyfor a striker, "Harry Kane" esque ball striking.
However, despite how amazing his profile is, he isn't the finished article. 
As he is 6"5 and weighs 85kg, he has a dominant frame. However he could become an absolute monster by gaining 5-10kg of muscle, similar to how Cr7 did in his prime. For refernece, Haaland who is an inch shorter than Scamacca, weighs 88kg and Ibrahimovic who is the same height as my boy, weighs 95kg. So it definitely is possible, but it needs to happen over time, slowly to avoid inbalances in him and his way of playing.

He also needs to better his shot selection, as well as use that crazy ball-striking to make some nice incisive passes to his fellow attackers.

3.Frenkie De Jong

4.Serge Gnabry

5.Oleksandr Zinchenko
 
